Updated files for issue #2791 (#3685)
telefonicaid/fiware-orion: doc/manuals/contribution_guidelines.md

*How to check*: manually

#### S16 (Use empty() for checking zero-length strings)

> *Rule*: Use empty() for all checkings with "" and usages of length()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Rule*: Use empty() for all string empty-ness checking, avoiding comparisons with `""` or `length() == 0`
```

Author: Updated

> *Rationale*: empty() is the best way of checking for zero-length strings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Rationale*: empty() is [the best way of checking for zero-length strings](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/41425569/checking-for-empty-string-in-c-alternatives).
```

To include a link to the place were the discussion took place.

Author: Updated
